WRITTEN BY: 	Sebastian Alessandrino
DATE:		11/02/2022
PURPOSE:	Provides context on the files required for using the MarzipanoMapUpdater application.

-----------------------------
Marzipano Tour Project Folder
-----------------------------
Marzipano Tour Project Folders are folders containing a number of folders required for a map/tour.
Generally, when exporting them from the Marzipano Tool, they already come in the correct format,
but it is important to note what this format is. They include the following files/folders under the
app-files directory/folder:
 - img/
 - tiles/
 - vendor/
 - data.js
 - index.html
 - index.js
 - style.css

The contents of the 'image/' and 'vendor/' folders are filled when exporting from the Marzipano tool.

The 'tiles/' folder will containing the images that are displayed in a tour and must include at
least one image folder to be used in the MarzipanoMapUpdater application. Furthermore, when updating,
this folder in the Update Tour will be accessed so that its contents can be copied over if their corresponding
ID exists within the Image List File (explained below).

The 'data.js' file includes all of the data relating to views and hotspots of the images currently within
the project. This file is the main document edited during running of the application.

The 'index.html' file is also updated significantly during the application and contains data which will be used
by a web server to provide the tour.

'index.js' and 'style.css' are taken directly from the output of the Marzipano Tool and are not edited by the
updater program. 


-----------------------------
Image List File
-----------------------------
The Image List file is an excel spreadsheet that contains information about each image to be included in
a given tour project. It is used when updating either the entire project or just its menu.
If images listed on the Image List have the same name as an image in an update tour folder, it will
then move and adapt the data from the update folder to the specified main tour. As such, this means that
not all entered data in the Image List spreadsheet will be in the main tour at any given time, only that
when updating, if a particular ID is detected, then it will be added to the tour that is being updated.

It is advised that only images that are about to be added to the project be included in the Image List
file to avoid confusion. Furthermore, it is also suggested that when an image is to be removed from the
selected tour, that it is done so by removing it from the Image List. This will cause all data relevant
to that image to be removed when next updating. Replacing an old ID with a new one will have a similar
effect in that the removed ID is taken out of the project and the newly entered one is introduced.

If making a new Image List file, the following format must be adhered to:

It is very important that the format of the Image List file be correct. Cells in Row 1 should be as follows:
	1A: 'Num.'
	1B: 'Name'
	1C: 'ID'
	1D: 'Include in Menu'
	1E: 'Comment'

For all rows below Row 1 (up to a value specified by the user):
First column:	Incrementing numbers starting from 0, must be filled to end of desired list length

Second column:	A string representing the name of the image, can be blank

Third column:	The ID of the image, use the following format to automatically fill this cell (Row 2 used as an example)
		'=IF(ISBLANK(B2),"N/A",CONCAT(A2,"-",LOWER(SUBSTITUTE(B2," ","-"))))'

Fourth column:	Should be either 'y' or 'n' based on whether the image should appear in the menu, can be blank (assumed 'n')

Fifth column: Comments, not used for logic in program

It is also advised that all other cells not mentioned above be left blank.