WRITTEN BY: 	Sebastian Alessandrino
DATE:		12/02/2022
PURPOSE:	This file will act as a 'User Guide' for the MarzipanoMapUpdater application.
		This means that an overview of the workings of the program will be given.
		Required inputs and error cases will also be discussed.
		Note that for a version of this document with images to help explanations,
		if applicable, view the respective Telfer OT Wiki entry.
		Note that barring menus for inputting data relevant to hotspots, pressing
		the 'X' button on a window will typically close the entire application.


1. NOTES BEFORE BEGINNING:
The Update Tour folder (and Main Tour if starting new) must be first created as a tour in the Marzipano
Tool. It is recommended that as many hotspots as possible are added during this stage and that names of
new images (to the project overall) do not match those pre-existing in the Main Tour folder (and Image
List) unless they are specifically intended to replace old images.

Take note of images in which Link edits will need to occur when updating the project to ensure that
images are not left unlinked when finished. It may be beneficial to make a backup of the 'data.js' file
and contents of the tour's 'tiles/' folder prior to updating if new to the process.

When updating elements of a Tour File, if it is currently running (which is expected), the update
should occur on the same machine (the update application should be run from this machine.

See the other 'User Info' files prior to commencing to ensure that a proper understanding of the
input data and functionality is gained. Primarily ensure that the format of the Update Tour and
Image List are correct.

It is recommended that only one Image List file is used per project as otherwise, images could be
deleted from the main tour without meaning to. Providing that the tour used to provide the images
is still accessible, this issue can be fixed but will most likely involve updating the hotspots
of many images.

Ensure that the Image List file is updated with all images you wish to add during running of the
program. It can be updated right up until the point that the tour update is started, but doing
so earlier is recommended.


2. ON PROGRAM START:
When starting the program, the user will be prompted to input the file path to a 'Tour'.
This tour must be a 'Marzipano Tour Project Folder' that you wish to update and must be in the
form given in 'INPUT_DATA_INFO.txt'. Note that it is assumed that the chosen tour is being hosted
from some web server whilst being edited as using the project whilst updating it will allow
for the best control when choosing update parameters.


3. MAIN MENU:
Following the input of a 'Main Tour', the Main Menu will be presented to the user. Each of the
functions of this menu will be explained in following sections. The available functions are:
 - Update Tour		(see Section 4)
 - Update Tour Menu	(see Section 5)
 - Edit Image Links	(see Section 6)
 - Edit Image Info	(see Section 7)
 - Exit			(Closes the application)


4. UPDATE TOUR:
The process of 'updating the tour' will involve using the files of another tour folder to add to
or replace images and data in the first selected tour project folder. For images to be added to the
map, they must be present both in the provided Image List and with the same ID in the selected
Update Tour Directory. If an image that already exists in the main tour is found in the update files
(determined by whether they have the same name), then the data in the main tour will be replaced by
that in the update tour. Lastly, if an image is found in the Main Tour folder that is no longer in
the Image List spreadsheet, all of its data will be removed from the main project files. Note that
replacing or deleting of images may require updates to link and info hotspots to be made. Also note
that images in the Update Tour files that are not found on the Image List spreadsheet will not be
added as part of the update and will produce an error in the resulting logfile.

Upon selecting to update the tour, a menu asking for a 'List File' and 'Tour Folder' must be given.
These must be in the form given in 'INPUT_DATA_INFO.txt' and the folder given must be different
to that initially selected on opening the application. Upon clicking continue, the paths selected
will be checked for validity and assuming they are valid, move onto a confirmation screen informing
the user that an update is about to occur with the given files. On the update confirmation window,
if the user clicks 'OK' or the 'X' button, the update will commence and when finished, will produce
a menu to indicate that the update completed. This menu will include the number of errors that
occurred during this procedure and a filepath to a logfile produced during the action.

Note that the 'Update Tour' function will also update the menu of said tour as part of the process.
If wishing only to update the menu, then the separate function 'Update Tour Menu' should be
selected instead.


5. UPDATE TOUR MENU:
The process of 'updating the tour menu' only requires the input of the Image List file. The data
used will primarily be that in the fourth column ('Include in Menu'). This will dictate whether a
specific image is included in the tour's drop down menu. Note that images that are not currently
in the project (but are in the Image List) can be selected as being included in the menu but will
not actually change the image when clicked.

The process is very similar to the 'Update Tour' function in that an 'Image List File' must be
provided to facilitate the update. If considered valid, the user will then be prompted with a
window indicating that the menu update is about to occur in which pressing 'OK' or the 'X' button
will start the update. As with the 'Update Tour' function, once the menu update is completed, a
window will be displayed to indicate this.


6. EDIT IMAGE LINKS:
This function allows the user to choose an image in the selected tour file and allows the opportunity
to edit its data in relation to links to other images within the project. These links will allow the
user of the tour/map to move between images like they would move between them if really at the given
location. As such, it is important that if a link is made from one image to another, the user ensures
they also create a link back from the second image to the first using the same process.

For the 'Edit Image Links' function, the user will first be prompted to select one of the images from
the chosen tour. They will then be given a list of the already existing link hotspots for that image.
They can choose to: Add, Edit or Delete based on how they wish to change the image's data. Furthermore,
there is also the option to 'Save Changes', meaning that if an undesired change is made, users can
exit this menu without pressing this button and actually implementing it. This also means that changes
must be saved manually before exiting. Also note that pressing the 'X' button whilst in any of these
menus will not close the program, only cancel the action.

Note that the 'Add' and 'Edit' functions require the input of a yaw, pitch and target. The 'yaw' and
'pitch' correspond to the location of the hotspot within the image and are explained on the windows in
the application. The target is the image that is to be linked to by the hotspot in question.

6.1. ADD LINK:
In this menu, all fields must be filled.

6.2. EDIT LINK:
In this menu, all fields must be filled. If wishing to only change one or two parameters, then the
listed current parameters at the top of the window can be re-entered/reselected.
Note that the current yaw shown in the given window is relative to the initial view yaw (which
should be taken as 0 when making changes).

6.3. DELETE LINK:
When selecting this option, a prompt is presented asking whether to actually delete the selected
hotspot. If 'Yes' is selected, then the hotspot is removed from the list.

7. EDIT IMAGE INFO:
This function is essentially the same as 'Edit Image Links' with the only difference being the
parameters entered. Info bubbles on images require title and text parameters rather than a
target as they're relevant only to the selected image.

7.1. ADD INFO:
In this menu, only the yaw and pitch fields must be entered. Title and/or text can be left blank
if desired.

7.2. EDIT INFO:
In this menu, only the yaw and pitch fields must be entered. If no entry is made to either of the
title or text fields, then it is assumed that there should be no change to the existing values.
Note that the current yaw shown in the given window is relative to the initial view yaw (which
should be taken as 0 when making changes).

7.3. DELETE INFO:
When selecting this option, a prompt is presented asking whether to actually delete the selected
hotspot. If 'Yes' is selected, then the hotspot is removed from the list.